docs: section for managing false positives for issues (#2500)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/issues.md

![Issue shortcuts menu](images/issues-menu.png)

## Managing system-detected false positives

!!! info

>     This feature is available only on the Business tier or during a trial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature is available only on the Business tier. If you are a Codacy Pro customer, contact us to access a short trial.
```

>     This feature is available only on the Business tier. If you are a Codacy Pro customer, contact us to access a short trial.

Reviewer 2: We already mention it in several places, and people are aware of it. The SRM docs for example, clearly mention which features are just for business tier users

>     This feature is available only on the Business tier. If you are a Codacy Pro customer, contact us to access a short trial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The False Positive detection a business tier feature. If you are a Codacy Pro customer interested in upgrading to gain access to this feature, reach out to our customer success team.
```
